Document creating jobs in nested folders with Job DSL (#2854)
jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin: demos/jobs/README.md

[gitea.yaml](gitea.yaml) file is an example of a configuration file with Jenkins and an Organization Folder Job Type with automatic branch discovering in Gitea. It requires [Branch API plugin](https://github.com/jenkinsci/branch-api-plugin) and [Gitea plugin](https://github.com/jenkinsci/gitea-plugin) to be able to run this demo. `$GITEA_URL` is a system environment variable that needs to be defined before Jenkins is started.

> [pipeline.yaml](pipeline.yaml) file is an example of configuring a folder and a declarative pipeline job within that folder using Job DSL path-based job names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[pipeline.yaml](pipeline.yaml) file is an example of configuring a folder and a declarative pipeline job within that folder using an external file.
```
